In the day's other news:
U.S. employers pulled
back a bit on hiring last
month, but the unemployment
rate still dropped, to its
lowest point in 16 years.
The Labor Department's
monthly report showed a net
gain of 138,000 jobs in May.
And it posted a loss
of one-tenth of a point
in the unemployment
rate to 4.3 percent.
We will explore the numbers
and what they mean a little
later in the program.
There is word tonight that
special counsel Robert Mueller's
special investigation into
possible ties between
Russia and the Trump
campaign may be growing.
The Associated Press reports
that Mueller is taking over an
ongoing criminal investigation
involving former Trump
campaign chair Paul Manafort.
The probe reportedly may also
expand to look into the role of
Attorney General Jeff Sessions
and the deputy attorney
general in the firing of
FBI Director James Comey.
In the Philippines, police
are still trying to figure out
what motivated a lone attacker
who set fire to a Manila
casino, resulting in
the deaths of 36 people.
They suffocated in the heavy
smoke, their bodies not
discovered until hours later.
The gunman was found dead
elsewhere in the complex.
MAN: We are still investigating
and trying to ascertain why
somebody will be so senseless
and have such a motive.
That is still to be determined.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Police say they
have ruled out terror as a
motive, despite the Islamic
State group claiming
responsibility.
A protest over security
in Afghanistan's capital
turned violent today,
and several demonstrators
were killed.
It happened in Kabul, just
days after 90 people died
in a huge truck bombing.
More than 1,000
people marched today.
Some threw rocks as
they charged police.
Officers fired into the
air at first and also used
tear gas and water cannons.
The U.N. Security Council has
voted to slap more sanctions on
North Korea over its continued
missile testing.
The U.S. and China backed
the resolution today.
It blacklists more than a
dozen North Korean individuals
and other entities, including
a bank and part of the
North Korean military.
Russia's President Vladimir
Putin is appealing for improved
ties with the United States,
and again denying any improper
actions by his government.
He spoke today at a
forum with other leaders
in Saint Petersburg,
and said relations are
at their lowest point
since the Cold War.
VLADIMIR PUTIN (through
translator): Therefore,
I think it is necessary
to stop this useless
and unhelpful chatter.
I want to stress it once again:
It is an attempt to bring
internal political squabbling in
the United States to
the international arena.
It is an attempt to
solve internal political
problems using foreign
policy instruments.
It is harmful.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Putin
also dismissed the
focus on the Russian
ambassador's meetings with
Trump aides as -- quote --
"catastrophic nonsense."
Separately, the Russian
president denied that
his ally President
Bashar al-Assad of Syria
used chemical weapons on
his own people in April.
He said others carried
out the attack as a - -
quote -- "provocation."
In South Sudan, at least 15
young children have died after
a botched measles vaccination
campaign.
It happened early last month.
The World Health Organization
said that untrained workers used
a single syringe for all the
children, and that the
vaccine was stored without
refrigeration for days.
Back in this country, the Trump
administration has formally
asked the U.S. Supreme Court
to reinstate a travel ban on
six Muslim-majority countries.
Lower courts have so far blocked
the ban from taking effect.
Last night, the Justice
Department asked the high
court to decide if it
will hear the government's
appeal, and to reinstate
the ban in the meantime.
The former president of Penn
State University will serve
time behind bars for his role in
covering up child sexual
abuse by an ex-assistant
football coach.
Graham Spanier will spend two
months in jail, and up to 10
months under house arrest.
Two other former
university officials
also received jail time.
Jerry Sandusky is serving a
prison sentence of 30 to 60
years for sexually abusing 10
boys.
And on Wall Street today,
stocks shook off the lukewarm
jobs report to again close at
all-time highs.
The Dow Jones industrial
average gained 62 points
to close at 21206.
The Nasdaq rose 59 points
to close at 6305, and
the S&P 500 added nine.
For the week, the Dow
and the S&P each gained
a fraction of 1 percent.
The Nasdaq added
about 1.5 percent.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
putting the president's
claims about the Paris accord
in context; what the latest
jobs numbers say about the
health of the nation's economy;
women taking a stand in
Trump country; And much more.